# March 21, 2015 Recap

## Worked Well

### Equipment
 - Just enough power supplies, computers, everything distributed on time.
 - Broken laptops identified quickly and back into service before the end of the event.

### Schedule
 - Good compliance with earlier arrival time (12:45) for all mentors.

### Setup
 - Moving bin of computers on carts to distribute.

### Scratch Setup Cards
 - Having students create accounts for Scratch at the beginning of the event—they were able to save projects.

### Mentor Orientation
 - Both new and somewhat new mentors attended.
 - Communicated that it was okay to broach questions with other mentors, trying different groups, etc.
 - Empowered mentors to voice thoughts in the future and to be more interactive with fellow mentors at the current event.

## Needs Improvement

### Wifi
 - Some computers still had trouble getting on WiFi.
    - Need to document the exact procedures for mentors (there’s a trick to disable then re-enable the WiFi). [Github issue](https://github.com/CoderDojoTC/mentor-resources/issues/1)

### Loaner Laptops
 - Forgot a printout of the computer needs by group.
    - Should add to the [day-of checklist](https://github.com/CoderDojoTC/Event/wiki/Day-of-Event-tasks). [Github issue](https://github.com/CoderDojoTC/mentor-resources/issues/2)

### Eventbrite Data Entry
 - Forgot to charge the iPad for attendance data capture.
    - Add an item to the [day-of checklist](https://github.com/CoderDojoTC/Event/wiki/Day-of-Event-tasks) [Github issue](https://github.com/CoderDojoTC/mentor-resources/issues/3)

### New Mentor Orientation
 - Introduction fun fact should be kept simple (e.g. “name one thing…”) to avoid going over time.

## Ideas

 1. Need more Apple power supplies. (expensive to buy new, aftermarket ones are risky.)
     - Periodic appeals on Facebook (no bites on requests to date)
 1. For Scratch group:
     - More examples that build upon themselves for a larger project
     - Closer context to gaming
     - What are activities that can get students engaged outside of CoderDojo?
 1. Need to create bridge for gamer kids who want to “go build Minecraft”
     - Setting expectations
     - Incorporating elements of their goals with the baby steps to get there
     - Build towards real programming stuff
     - Maybe some pre-built exercises that can be modified?
     - Examples on the web site for parents of students of Cherry-picked projects for what possible to be create
 1. Don’t collect nametags too soon---sends the message that the event is over
